that Mrs. Gale introduced what you called the stage turn.
So, in between the main film and the supporting film, there was an interval.
This was put on and the stage turn was always one of great movement.
Men doing, well, gymnastic jumps and leaps and bounds and climbs and all sorts of things.
And then sometimes there was perhaps wrestling on or something of that kind.
But it was never, you felt that was a pretty tough job and you got tired of that very interesting.
And there would be straight drama, little scenes of well-known pieces of work down on the London stage
and extracted and she was very good like this, she was very good.
And who would perform these things?
Well, these are parties, groups or theatre groups from away.
We saw them for three days a week and then they'd gone somewhere else doing their thing, whatever it was,
on stages in different cinemas.
Because it was again Mrs. Gale introduced this idea as an attraction for her cinema and it caught on.
And they always had this extra, so if the film turned out to be a bit dreary, as some films did unfortunately,
you always had this attraction of a very good stage show.